 This past year has been the worst it has ever been. I know I sound dramatic and basic, but it has negatively impacted me from then on.

 I started highschool last fall in 2021. Lots of things seemed to be going great.
 Joined the highschool soccer team, had the physical capability to start varsity,
 and even got my varcity letter. Minor set backs were here and there, mostly being
 that JV for my team wasn't benefiting me, as I was better than all others there
 and I didn't learn anything new or improved from it. Okay, so that was a little
 frustrating but "That's okay, I'll be doing great next year". I usually started
 my school day with Algebra 2 Honors, which is considered to be one of the hardest
 highschool classes. In that class were the smartest students out of 184 total,
 including those I knew, my friends from years prior, and lastly, my best friends.
 Along with that Algebra 2 Honors class, I had just about every other main subject
 with at least 1 of my best friends. Along with that we were all great students,
 most allocated for more teachers to enjoy us 5. I mean, we had known each other
 for the last 10 years and we had all gotten fond of each other. We hung out
 regularly to talk and hang out like other highschoolers would. It was great.
 During the soccer season, a junior that I knew from when I was in kindergarten
 kept trying to convince me to do wrestling. I kept saying no, no, and no, but
 then I considered the option. I sat on the idea for a month, right after soccer
 ended. I had quit wrestling in my 5th year because I didn't enjoy being in the
 program or in the sport anymore. I was told that there weren't many other people
 on the team and that I could probably letter. Along with that, my parents said
 that they would love to see me wrestle again and that it would be different from
 when I last wrestled. My mind told me to sign up and do it, so I did. But my heart
 was saying otherwise, and I felt something off on that first day of practice, but I
 brushed it off and "manned up". During the end of November is when it started,
 and it was rough. I had to cut a lot from my diet, and I usually ended up eating
 around 1500 or so calories a day to keep my weight under 126 lbs. I felt sick
 everyday, as I was so hungry that I lost my focus in school, at home, and during
 wrestling practice. A lot of the other wrestlers were not very good people in general,
 excluding 2 of them and the senior. The rest were the worst of the worst in our
 school. They were the druggies, the rude, the inconsiderate, the selfish, and the
 scummy people all in one place. It got so bad to the point where we had lost 1/4
 of the group because of grades and drug related issues. Not to mention they were
 all homophobic right-winged people who didn't agree with a lot of things like trans
 people, LGBTQ+ individuals, gun restrictions, women having rights, and racists.
 Everyday, I had to be around these people for 2 hours acting like I was someone
 totally different than those who they were making fun of. Then December rolled around.
 I was excited for the Christmas break because I get to get away from these people
 for time. I had tried to convince my parents that I want to quit because of them
 and that I still didn't like the sport anymore. They told me no because when they
 were growing up you couldn't. So I was stuck with wrestling till the end of February.
 Life was miserable from me thinking about food constantly and thinking of wrestling
 practice. On the 8th of December, two of my closer friends were talking amongst
 themselves about something that Ryan, Ben, and I wanted to know about. We were
 all in the auditorium for the last period due to our history teacher not being
 there. Curiosity pushed us three to get what they were talking about. The more
 we asked, the more we realized that something wasn't right. I started to realize
 that other people were uneasy. With each attempt of asking the two girls, they said
 no, they weren't allowed to tell us anything. Eventually, Ben and I pried into it
 enough for them to answer. They explained that our English teacher had told them.
 Told them that one of Ryan's better friends, who was a sophomore, hung himself, and
 was found this morning. Us 3 were quiet, but Ben and I thought not much of it and
 said that we expected worse. I said that it didn't really bother me because I was
 desensitized to that. I mean, half of our friend groups' humor was about suicide
 and dark topics. The rest of the day went on as usual and I went to wrestling.
 They were talking about it all during practice and made fun of the boy. This made
 me way more uncomfortable and I just wanted to leave. That day ended with my
 journal entry that I wrote every day.

 The next morning, my mother had woken me up at 5:00 in the morning. I was confused
 about what was going on and I wondered if this was just a lucid dream. She then sat
 on the very edge of my bed. She was crying. Ryan had committed suicide. At first,
 I didn't cry. Then after a couple seconds it kicked in. After my mother tried to
 comfort me, I told her to leave. I checked my phone and saw I had a text from my
 cousin. My cousin had an older brother who worked in the police force, and I was
 pretty close to her, as we were second cousins and knew each other forever.
 She messaged me, saying that her brother was the responder for Ryan. He had
 shot him self in the face with a gun. Twice. I didn't go to school that day,
 unlike Ben because he hadn't known. My mom messaged Collin's mother and Blake's
 telling them. We went to a local church which had other students there from our
 school to be there for each other. It was comforting even though I was reluctant
 to go. Ben and some other close friends came around an hour later. My wrestling coach
 was there. I thought nothing of it. But I was wrong for that. The church had a switch
 for people to play on, so my friend group played some Mario Kart with others that were
 there. We all took turns and had a nice time. It kept our minds off him for sometime.
 My coach entered the room and asked to talk with me. He wanted me to come to practice.
 He tried to reason that by saying that we needed to get our lives back to normality.
 I was stunned. I said I'll think about it, even though I knew for sure I was not going
 to go. He even tried to have one of the other wrestlers to tell me that I should go.
 My mom didn't think much of it and said that I would go back at the start of next week,
 because that day was a Thursday. Friday and Thursday merged together in my mind, as they
 both were a blur and had similar events. A few days later, I attended his viewing. That
 broke me.

 Fast forward until this summer, the summer of 2022, and school has just ended. I was so
 excited to work on my YouTube channel, my music production skills, and of course, work on
 Dead Doodles. But my depression and anxiety got the better of me. I told my friends about me
 being in the furry community, and they seemed accepting, just it felt awkward to talk to them
 about it. I was growing apart from my best friends and it makes sense as I am about half a year
 older than them all. But I wanted a best friend. Someone so similar to me that we could practically
 think the same. And a best friend I didn't get. My small PA town isn't very fond of "odd" people,
 so that it harder to talk to people. 
